docs(breadcrumbs): web-first (#4802)
digdir/designsystem: apps/www/app/content/components/breadcrumbs/en/code.mdx

<Story story="PreviewEn" defaultOpen/>

## Usage

> The class name `ds-breadcrumbs` is added to a `<ds-breadcrumbs>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The class name `ds-breadcrumbs` is added to `<ds-breadcrumbs>`.
```

The web component automatically handles `aria-current="page"` on the last link in the list.

If you want to do this yourself, you can use `<nav class="ds-breadcrumbs" aria-label="You are here:">`.

## CSS variables and data attributes

Sizes are controlled with [`data-size`](/en/fundamentals/code/sizes) and colors with [`data-color`](/en/fundamentals/code/colors). The component will inherit from the nearest parent with these set.

<CssVariables />

<CssAttributes />

## Examples

### Back button only

> If you place an `<a>` directly in `<ds-breadcrumbs>` as the only child, the link will be displayed as a back button. It is important that you are consistent in your solution, and use either the back button or the path, not both.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you place an `<a>` directly in `<ds-breadcrumbs>` as the only child, the link will be displayed with a "back" chevron. It is important that you are consistent in your service, and use either the back button or the path, not both.
```
